
No. (+4, Insightful)

rsilvergun 17 hours ago
Betteridge strikes again.

Muskrat bought a bunch of gpus before the AI bubble really got going because he was preemptively pumping the SpaceX stock by shouting look at me I'm buying all this computer hardware for my AI so you know I'm going to make you rich!

He never did anything with any of it because that wasn't the point. He wasn't building data centers he was scamming investors.

Now he's got stacks and stacks of gpus sitting around gathering dust and to keep the stock price pumped for the time being he needs to make it look like he's going to have a ton of revenue coming in. In practice he's not and he's just going to steal all your 401K money but we're going to get bullshit articles like this because anyone who does real journalism like Patrick Boyle over on YouTube gets fired or demonetized.

If you watch the most recent video from Patrick Boyle and go to the end of the video he explains how the scam works. Initially investors get murdered in by the promise of big fat returns but they can't sell the stock for the first 120 days as part of the buying agreement. Just one of those investors are at the point where they can sell the stock and it's likely to crash the rule changes to NASDAQ for SpaceX stock into safe index funds.

Your 401k will be forced to purchase SpaceX stock for the index funds that were the otherwise be safe investments. You will not have the option of not buying SpaceX stock. Eventually your 401k will be full of SpaceX stock and a variety of other rotten AI bullshit stocks that will collapse eliminating the value of your retirement savings.

When this happens the people who saw it coming will still be screwed because there's nothing they could do about it because the people who didn't see it coming refused to vote for the kind of reforms that are needed. It doesn't matter if you realize you're a crab in a bucket you're still a crab and a bucket and they're going to drag you back down every time you try to get out.

There is 10 trillion dollars in 401ks. If you think the thieves that have already created 1 trillionaire are going to stop and leave that money sitting there you're nuts. That money belongs to them not you. You gave it to them when you kept voting for culture War bullshit instead of boring annoying people like senator Warren who know how to regulate Wall Street