TYPES OF AUCTIONS

635

there is no feverish bidding in a Dutch auction, because only the one person who "stops the clock" takes any action.

The second group of auction rules requires sales to occur by sealed bid. In these auctions, bidding is done privately and bidders cannot observe any of the bids made by others; in many cases, only the winning bid is announced. Bidders in such auctions, as in Dutch auctions, have only one opportunity to bid. (Techni- cally, you could submit multiple bids, but only the highest one would be relevant to the auction outcome.) Sealed-bid auctions have no need for an auctioneer. They require only an overseer who opens the bids and determines the winner.

Within sealed-bid auctions, there are two rules for determining the price paid by the high bidder. In a first-price, sealed-bid auction, the highest bidder wins the item and pays a price equal to her bid. In a second-price, sealed-bid auction, the highest bidder wins the item but pays a price equal to the bid of the second-highest bidder. A second-price rule can be extremely useful for elic- iting truthful bids, as we will see in Section 4. Such an auction is often termed a Vickrey auction after the Nobel-prize-winning economist who first noted this particular characteristic. We will also see that the sealed-bid auctions are each similar, in regard to bidding strategy and expected payoffs, to one of the open-outcry auctions; first-price, sealed-bid auctions are similar to Dutch auc- tions, and second-price, sealed-bid auctions are similar to English auctions.

Other, less common, configurations also can be used to sell goods at auc- tion. For example, you could set up an auction in which the highest bidder wins but the top two bidders pay their bids or one in which the high bidder wins but all bidders pay their bids, a procedure discussed in Section 5. We do not at- tempt to consider all possible combinations here. Rather, we analyze several of the most common auction schemes by using examples that bring out important strategic concepts.

B. Auction Environments

Finally, there are a number of ways in which bidders may value an item up for auction. The main distinction in such auction environments is based on the difference between common- and private-value objects. In a common-value. or objective-value, auction, the value of the object is the same for all the bid- ders, but each bidder generally knows only an imprecise estimate of it. Bidders may have some sense of the distribution of possible values, but each must form her own estimate before bidding. For example, an oil-drilling tract has a given amount of oil that should produce the same revenue for all companies, but each company has only its own expert's estimate of the amount of oil contained under the tract. Similarly, each bond trader has only an estimate of the future course of interest rates. In such auctions, signaling and screening can play an important role.